Success, go out for a walk, go fast
Chen Hao, you trash just played me
You should back off when it comes to framing me
Give it to me, brothers
You?
I'm telling you it's illegal for me to kill
I give you three days to move out of my house
See you in court
Oops, it's alright.
But you can fight
I'll tell you what.
Engagement party in two days
I let my dad
Use all connections to block this castle
At that time, it will be difficult for him to move an inch in Linhai
What are you doing here to treat Miss Ye for distortion?
Take me to Miss Ye, no need
The doctor Wu I invited is already treating Wang Wen.
Don't bother you
What, you replaced someone else?
Although you are also a doctor
He is Dr. Wu's art world-renowned
I believe he can cure Wan Wan more than you
Mr. Xu, let me add something.
Our Wu doctor
But we Linhai City
Special member of the Chinese Medicine Association
He practices medicine abroad all year round
Medical management is all over the world
Especially his golden needle of fire
I don't know how many people have been cured of terminal diseases
Did you know that temporarily returning the doctor to the patient is atmospheric?
You're particularly right.
I investigate you
You just got out of prison
Constant loans
How can I treat a patient without an agreement qualification certificate?
I saw that lady's face and let it go
Don't call the police, get out of here
Don't hurt others
Change camps without permission
At your own risk